# 3. Refine idea into a proposal

At the next day, the guest team gathered to reflect on the feedback received and with it, a proposal was drafted. The proposal was then presented to the whole host team (Nektli) so they could validate that the guest team (FabChallenge) was on the right path.

The proposal passed with a surprising synchronicity where we all agree that:

> "We got to start here and lead with the example. We need to take out one piece of concrete here".

Knowing the above, the FabChallenge team went hands on to work on defining the requirements to materialize the proposal. Tasks were distributed, among these were:

1. Research on community gardens over México and the world, their business models, and challenges they've faced.
2. Examples of other players working on the same field.
3. Pitch deck / Presentation outline.
4. Prototypes to produce.
5. Find out the feasibility of taking out pieces of concrete, and identify the most suitable ones for prototyping.
6. Define a roadmap of implementation.

The tasks were distributed based on the available skillset in both teams. And one hour later a first report on progress was done. With it, the teams validated that they were going through the correct path.

New tasks were given:

1. Calculate costs of replacing concrete floor with gardens per sqm2 and of beekeeping a hive.
2. Research about the advantages that replacing concrete with gardens offer to society, to include them as the supporting arguments.
3. Define a business model that fits the local context.
4. Find the client personas for each of the solutions offered.
5. Explore and define business value for each of the solutions offered.
6. Identify the ways the overall solution could generate a circular impact.
7. Identify the technological scope (networks, sensors, and data) that could support biodiversity preservation duties.
8. Plan a pilot.
9. Design a website and the graphic elements that support the presentation and explanation of the proposal.

These tasks were taken by the teams. The final result is available at the next page.

